[RHACS] ROX15257 ACSCS service description documentation (#59140)
openshift/openshift-docs: policies_and_service_description/rhacs-cloud-service-service-description.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="rhacs-cloud-service-service-description"]
= {product-title-managed-short} service description
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: access-policy-service-description

toc::[]

[id="introduction-to-rhacs_{context}"]
== Introduction to {product-title-short}

{rh-rhacs-first} is an enterprise-ready, Kubernetes-native container security solution that helps you build, deploy, and run cloud-native applications more securely.

{rh-rhacscs-first} provides Kubernetes-native security as a service.
With {product-title-managed-short}, Red Hat maintains, upgrades, and manages your Central services.

> Central services include the user interface (UI), data storage, and {product-title-short} application programming interface (API).

Reviewer: It also includes image scanning capabilities.

You deploy your Central service through the link:https://console.redhat.com/[Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console.] When you create a new Central instance, Red Hat creates your individual control plane for {product-title-short}.

{product-title-managed-short} allows you to secure self-managed clusters that can reach out to a Central instance.
The clusters you secure, called Secured Clusters, are managed by you, and not by Red Hat.
Secured Cluster services include optional vulnerability scanning services, admission control services, and data collection services used for runtime monitoring and compliance.
You install Secured Cluster services on any OpenShift or Kubernetes cluster you want to secure.

[id="billing_{context}"]
== Billing

Customers can purchase a {product-title-managed-short} subscription on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) marketplace.

> Service costs are charged hourly per core. Total core data points are collected at regular intervals, averaged hourly, and then matched against your subscription.

Reviewer: We should explain which cores we're charging for. Suggestion:
```
Service costs are charged hourly per so-called "secured core": vCPU of a node belonging to a Secured Cluster. For example, if you have connected 2 Secured Clusters with 5 identical, 8 vCPU nodes (e.g., Amazon EC2 m7g.2xlarge) per cluster, your total secured core count is 2*5*8 = 80.
```

> //---------to be deleted--------

Reviewer: Does this mean it will be deleted before commit?

* Typically, you cannot protect infrastructure and Control plane nodes due to access controls.
|===
////
//-------to be deleted-----------

[id="security-and-compliance_{context}"]
== Security and Compliance

All {rh-rhacscs-first} data in the Central instance is encrypted in transit and at rest.
The data is stored in secure storage with full replication and high availability together with regularly scheduled backups.
The {product-title-managed-short} is available through cloud data centers that ensure optimal performance and the ability to meet data residency requirements.

[id="authentication-provider_{context}"]
=== Authentication provider

When you create a Central instance using  link:https://console.redhat.com/[Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console], authentication for the cluster administrator is configured as part of the process.
Customers must manage all access to the Central instance as part of their integrated solution.
For more information about the available authentication methods, see xref:../operating/manage-user-access/understanding-authentication-providers.adoc#understanding-authentication-providers[Understanding authentication providers].

> The default identity provider in {rh-rhacs-first} is Red Hat Single Sign-On (SSO). For more information about authentication using Red Hat SSO,see xref:../installing/getting-started-rhacs-cloud-ocp.adoc#default-access-acs-console[Default access to ACS Console].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default identity provider in {product-title-managed-short} is Red Hat Single Sign-On (SSO). For more information about authentication using Red Hat SSO, see xref:../installing/getting-started-rhacs-cloud-ocp.adoc#default-access-acs-console[Default access to ACS Console].
```

Only cloud service comes with RH SSO integration.

For more information, see link:https://www.redhat.com/licenses/Appendix_4_Red_Hat_Online_Services_20221213.pdf[PRODUCT APPENDIX 4 RED HAT ONLINE SERVICES].

[id="service-level-agreement_{context}"]
== Service Level Agreement

For more information about the Service Level Agreements (SLAs) offered for {rh-rhacscs-first}, see link:https://www.redhat.com/licenses/Appendix_4_Red_Hat_Online_Services_20221213.pdf[PRODUCT APPENDIX 4 RED HAT ONLINE SERVICES].

[id="timelines_{context}"]
== Timelines

[discrete]
=== Limited Availability

Production support for {rh-rhacscs-first} is offered to a limited number of customers.
For more information, see link:https://www.redhat.com/licenses/Appendix_4_Red_Hat_Online_Services_20221213.pdf[PRODUCT APPENDIX 4 RED HAT ONLINE SERVICES].

[discrete]
=== General Availability

Production support for {product-title-managed-short} is offered to all {product-title-managed-short} customers.
For more information, see link:https://www.redhat.com/licenses/Appendix_4_Red_Hat_Online_Services_20221213.pdf[PRODUCT APPENDIX 4 RED HAT ONLINE SERVICES].

[id="support_{context}"]

> == Support

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be merged with "Getting support" section above?
